README.md, before:

# OpenMultiBox
Multiboxing software for World of Warcraft (and perhaps other games, if you are willing to modify it slightly).

# Features
- Key broadcasting
- Mouse click broadcasting
- Set focused window as primary window
- Copy various WTF files
- Status UI, Window indicators, Mouse mirroring UI

# Guide
1. Download binaries from [Releases](https://github.com/RobinKa/OpenMultiBox/releases) or build them yourself with CMake (requires Qt5).
2. Edit `settings.json` (mainly setting the WoW path and instance count, the rest is for copying WTF settings)
3. Make sure your WoW uses borderless or windowed mode
4. Start `OpenMultiBox.exe` which will launch the WoW instances and align them
5. Log in and turn on key broadcasting with F10

# Hotkeys
- F2: Broadcast mouse left click
- F7: Toggles movement key (WASD) broadcasting
- F8: Toggles WoW window topmost setting (keeps the windows in front of all other windows)
- F9: Copy WTF files (account-wide settings / macro / config cache, per-character addon settings), requires `/console synchronizeSettings 0` and logging out so that settings don't get overriden from blizzard servers)
- F10: Enables keyboard broadcasting
- F11: Disables keyboard broadcasting

# Known major issues and to do list
- Window placement hardcoded (although still relative to screen size)

# Acknowledgements
- [Qt](https://www.qt.io/)
- [nlohmann json](https://github.com/nlohmann/json)

Commit message:

find window handle using class name, made window use only one handle again, added class name to config

README.md, after:

# OpenMultiBox
Multiboxing software for World of Warcraft (and perhaps other games, if you are willing to modify it slightly).

# Features
- Key broadcasting
- Mouse click broadcasting
- Set focused window as primary window
- Copy various WTF files
- Status UI, Window indicators, Mouse mirroring UI

# Guide
1. Download binaries from [Releases](https://github.com/RobinKa/OpenMultiBox/releases) or build them yourself with CMake (requires Qt5).
2. Edit `settings.json` (mainly setting the WoW path and instance count, the rest is for copying WTF settings and finding the window)
3. Make sure your WoW uses borderless or windowed mode
4. Start `OpenMultiBox.exe` which will launch the WoW instances and align them
5. Log in and turn on key broadcasting with F10

# Hotkeys
- F2: Broadcast mouse left click
- F7: Toggles movement key (WASD) broadcasting
- F8: Toggles WoW window topmost setting (keeps the windows in front of all other windows)
- F9: Copy WTF files (account-wide settings / macro / config cache, per-character addon settings), requires `/console synchronizeSettings 0` and logging out so that settings don't get overriden from blizzard servers)
- F10: Enables keyboard broadcasting
- F11: Disables keyboard broadcasting

# Known major issues and to do list
- Window placement hardcoded (although still relative to screen size)
- Window video streaming for fixed resolutions and overlays from other windows

# Acknowledgements
- [Qt](https://www.qt.io/)
- [nlohmann json](https://github.com/nlohmann/json)
